TOMORROW AT 1:00 P.M. EASTERN WITH STEPHANIE RUHL ANDE AND 3:0
WITH STEPHANIE RUHL ANDE AND 3:0 P.M. EASTERN.
P.M. EASTERN. "DEADLINE WHITE HOUSE WITH
"DEADLINE WHITE HOUSE WITH NICOLLE WALLACE" STARTS NOW.
NICOLLE WALLACE" STARTS NOW. >>> HI, EVERYONE, IT’S 4:00 IN
>>> HI, EVERYONE, IT’S 4:00 IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. WE HAVE A BREAKING NEWS BONANZA
WE HAVE A BREAKING NEWS BONANZA TODAY.
TODAY. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" OUT THIS
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" OUT THIS AFTERNOON WITH AN OBSTRUCTION OF
AFTERNOON WITH AN OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE OPUS.
JUSTICE OPUS. IT’S THE KIND OF REPORTING THAT
IT’S THE KIND OF REPORTING THAT REFRAMES HOW WE LOOK AT
REFRAMES HOW WE LOOK AT QUESTIONS ABOUT THE POTENTIAL
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE POTENTIAL DEPTH AND BREADTH OF DONALD
DEPTH AND BREADTH OF DONALD TRUMP’S CONDUCT.
TRUMP’S CONDUCT. IN THIS INSTANCE, OBSTRUCTION OF
IN THIS INSTANCE, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. THE NEW YORK EDITION.
THE NEW YORK EDITION. NEW REPORTING IN "THE NEW YORK
NEW REPORTING IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES" MAKING CLEAR THAT DONALD
TIMES" MAKING CLEAR THAT DONALD TRUMP SOUGHT TO INTERFERE WITH
TRUMP SOUGHT TO INTERFERE WITH THE INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF THE
THE INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF"TIMES" ALSO
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF"TIMES" ALSO REPORTING ON THE OBSTRUCTION OF
REPORTING ON THE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE CASE INTO THE PRESIDENT
JUSTICE CASE INTO THE PRESIDENT LIKELY BEING ASSEMBLED BY ROBERT
LIKELY BEING ASSEMBLED BY ROBERT S. MUELLER.
S. MUELLER. WE START WITH THE CASES OUT OF
WE START WITH THE CASES OUT OF NEW YORK WHICH MANY TRUMP ALLIES
NEW YORK WHICH MANY TRUMP ALLIES BELIEVE REPRESENT A GRAVE LEGAL
BELIEVE REPRESENT A GRAVE LEGAL THREAT TO THE PRESIDENT.
THREAT TO THE PRESIDENT. FROM THE "TIMES" TODAY, "AS
FROM THE "TIMES" TODAY, "AS FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN MANHATTAN
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN MANHATTAN GATHERED EVIDENCE LATE LAST YEAR
GATHERED EVIDENCE LATE LAST YEAR ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ROLE IN
ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ROLE IN SILENCING WOMEN WITH HUSH
SILENCING WOMEN WITH HUSH PAYMENTS DURING THE 2016
PAYMENTS DURING THE 2016 CAMPAIGN, MR. TRUMP CALLED
CAMPAIGN, MR. TRUMP CALLED MATTHEW WHITAKER, HIS NEWLY
MATTHEW WHITAKER, HIS NEWLY INSTALLED A.G., WITH A QUESTION.
INSTALLED A.G., WITH A QUESTION. HE ASKED WHETHER JEFF BERMAN,
HE ASKED WHETHER JEFF BERMAN, THE U.S. ATTORNEY FOR THE
THE U.S. ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND A TRUMP ALLY, COULD BE PUT
AND A TRUMP ALLY, COULD BE PUT IN CHARGE OF THE WIDENING
IN CHARGE OF THE WIDENING INVESTIGATION."
INVESTIGATION." THAT’S ACCORDING TO SEVERAL
THAT’S ACCORDING TO SEVERAL AMERICAN OFFICIALS WITH DIRECT
AMERICAN OFFICIALS WITH DIRECT KNOWLEDGE OF THE CALL.
KNOWLEDGE OF THE CALL. THE "TIMES" ALSO WRITES THIS,
THE "TIMES" ALSO WRITES THIS, "MR. WHITAKER, WHO HAD PRIVATELY
"MR. WHITAKER, WHO HAD PRIVATELY TOLD ASSOCIATES THAT PART OF HIS
TOLD ASSOCIATES THAT PART OF HIS ROLE AT THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
ROLE AT THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT WAS TO, QUOTE, JUMP ON A GRENADE
WAS TO, QUOTE, JUMP ON A GRENADE FOR THE PRESIDENT.
FOR THE PRESIDENT. KNEW THAT HE COULD NOT PUT MR.
KNEW THAT HE COULD NOT PUT MR. BERMAN IN CHARGE SINCE MR.ER ER
BERMAN IN CHARGE SINCE MR.ER ER BERMAN HAD ALREADY RECUSED
BERMAN HAD ALREADY RECUSED HIMSELF FROM THE INVESTIGATION.
HIMSELF FROM THE INVESTIGATION. THE PRESIDENT WOULD SOON SOUR ON
THE PRESIDENT WOULD SOON SOUR ON WHITAKER AS HE OFTEN DOES WITH
WHITAKER AS HE OFTEN DOES WITH HIS AIDES AND COMPLAINED ABOUT
HIS AIDES AND COMPLAINED ABOUT HIS INABILITY TO PULL LEVERS AT
HIS INABILITY TO PULL LEVERS AT THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT THAT
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT THAT COULD MAKE THE PRESIDENT’S MANY
COULD MAKE THE PRESIDENT’S MANY LEGAL PROBLEMS GO AWAY."
LEGAL PROBLEMS GO AWAY." THE NEWS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
THE NEWS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP MAY HAVE TRIED TO INTERFERE WITH
MAY HAVE TRIED TO INTERFERE WITH THE COHEN PROBE AND OTHER
THE COHEN PROBE AND OTHER INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF THE
INVESTIGATIONS OUT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT SUGGESTS
SOUTHERN DISTRICT SUGGESTS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE CASE
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE CASE AGAINST TRUMP IS WIDER THAN WE
AGAINST TRUMP IS WIDER THAN WE EVER KNEW AND THAT IT EXTENDS
EVER KNEW AND THAT IT EXTENDS BEYOND JUST TRUMP’S ALLEGED
BEYOND JUST TRUMP’S ALLEGED ACTIONS AGAINST ROBERT MUELLER’S
ACTIONS AGAINST ROBERT MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THE PRESIDENT TODAY PUSHING BACK
THE PRESIDENT TODAY PUSHING BACK AGAINST THIS DAMNING NEW REPORT.
AGAINST THIS DAMNING NEW REPORT. >> YOU ASKED ACTING ATTORNEY
>> YOU ASKED ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL MATTHEW WHITAKER TO
GENERAL MATTHEW WHITAKER TO CHANGE THE LEADERSHIP OF THE
CHANGE THE LEADERSHIP OF THE INVESTIGATION INTO YOUR FORMER
INVESTIGATION INTO YOUR FORMER PERSONAL ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN?
PERSONAL ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN? >> NO.
>> NO. NOT AT ALL.
NOT AT ALL. I DON’T KNOW WHO GAVE YOU THAT.
I DON’T KNOW WHO GAVE YOU THAT. THAT’S MORE FAKE NEWS.
THAT’S MORE FAKE NEWS. LOT OF -- THERE’S A LOT OF
LOT OF -- THERE’S A LOT OF FAKE -- THERE’S A LOT OF MAKE
FAKE -- THERE’S A LOT OF MAKE NEWS OUT THERE.
NEWS OUT THERE. NO, I DIDN’T.
NO, I DIDN’T. >> A LOT OF REAL NEWS OUT THERE
>> A LOT OF REAL NEWS OUT THERE THESE DAYS.
THESE DAYS. THE NEW ALLEGATIONS SURROUNDING
THE NEW ALLEGATIONS SURROUNDING THE COHEN CASE IN NEW YORK IS
THE COHEN CASE IN NEW YORK IS JUST ONE OF SEVERAL UNSETTLING
JUST ONE OF SEVERAL UNSETTLING NEW REVELATIONS EXPOSED IN THE
NEW REVELATIONS EXPOSED IN THE "TIMES’" NEW BOMBSHELL THAT
"TIMES’" NEW BOMBSHELL THAT TOGETHER HELP LAY OUT THE FULL
TOGETHER HELP LAY OUT THE FULL SCOPE OF OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE
SCOPE OF OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE ROBERT MUELLER LIKELY HAS IN
ROBERT MUELLER LIKELY HAS IN FRONT OF HIM.
FRONT OF HIM. THE "TIMES" CHARACTERIZES ITS
THE "TIMES" CHARACTERIZES ITS REPORTING THIS WAY, "AN
REPORTING THIS WAY, "AN EXAMINATION BY "THE NEW YORK
EXAMINATION BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES" REVEALS THE EXTENT OF AN
TIMES" REVEALS THE EXTENT OF AN EVEN MORE SUSTAINED, MORE
EVEN MORE SUSTAINED, MORE SECRETIVE, ASSAULT BY MR. TRUMP
SECRETIVE, ASSAULT BY MR. TRUMP ON THE MACHINERY OF FEDERAL LAW
ON THE MACHINERY OF FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT."
ENFORCEMENT." IT’S A CHILLING LINE IN THAT
IT’S A CHILLING LINE IN THAT STORY, WHEN CONSIDERED IN THE
STORY, WHEN CONSIDERED IN THE CONTEXT OF THE FULL-SCALE
CONTEXT OF THE FULL-SCALE CHARACTER ASSASSINATION UNDER
CHARACTER ASSASSINATION UNDER WAY AT 1600 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE
WAY AT 1600 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE THIS WEEK AGAINST THE FORMER
THIS WEEK AGAINST THE FORMER DEPUTY FBI DIRECTOR, A STORY
DEPUTY FBI DIRECTOR, A STORY WE’LL ALSO GET TO THIS HOUR.
WE’LL ALSO GET TO THIS HOUR. >>> BUT WE START WITH THE NEW
>>> BUT WE START WITH THE NEW REPORTING AND ONE OF THE
REPORTING AND ONE OF THE REPORTERS WHO WROTE THAT PIECE,
REPORTERS WHO WROTE THAT PIECE, AS WELL AS SOME OF OUR FAVORITE
AS WELL AS SOME OF OUR FAVORITE REPORTERS AND FRIENDS.
REPORTERS AND FRIENDS. HARRY LIPPMAN WAS A DEPUTY
HARRY LIPPMAN WAS A DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL AND
ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL AND U.S. ATTORNEY.
U.S. ATTORNEY. FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, GLENN
FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, GLENN KIRCHNER JOINS US.
KIRCHNER JOINS US. FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY
FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY MIMI ROKA AND "WASHINGTON POST"
MIMI ROKA AND "WASHINGTON POST" NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER
NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER ROBERT COSTA.
ROBERT COSTA. LET’S START WITH ONE OF THE
LET’S START WITH ONE OF THE REPORTERS’ BYLINE ON THAT STORY,
REPORTERS’ BYLINE ON THAT STORY, MIKE SCHMIDT, WHO JOINS US BY
MIKE SCHMIDT, WHO JOINS US BY PHONE.
PHONE. MIKE, TAKE US THROUGH -- THE
MIKE, TAKE US THROUGH -- THE PIECE IS SO SWEEPING IN NATURE,
PIECE IS SO SWEEPING IN NATURE, BUT LET’S START WITH THE NEW
BUT LET’S START WITH THE NEW REPORTING ON MATT WHITAKER AND
REPORTING ON MATT WHITAKER AND WHAT WAS DESIRED OF HIM.
WHAT WAS DESIRED OF HIM. TAKE US THROUGH IT.
TAKE US THROUGH IT. >> WELL, THE PRESIDENT SORT OF
>> WELL, THE PRESIDENT SORT OF WENT BACK TO ONE OF HIS OLD
WENT BACK TO ONE OF HIS OLD PLAYS.
PLAYS. IF YOU REMEMBER IN MARCH OF 2017
IF YOU REMEMBER IN MARCH OF 2017 WHEN THE PRESIDENT WAS JUST IN
WHEN THE PRESIDENT WAS JUST IN OFFICE, HIS ATTORNEY GENERAL,
OFFICE, HIS ATTORNEY GENERAL, JEFF SESSIONS, RECUSED HIMSELF
JEFF SESSIONS, RECUSED HIMSELF FROM THE INVESTIGATION.
FROM THE INVESTIGATION. THIS DROVE TRUMP NUTS AND HE
THIS DROVE TRUMP NUTS AND HE ACTUALLY TRIED TO GET SESSIONS
ACTUALLY TRIED TO GET SESSIONS TO UNRECUSE HIMSELF AND PUT BACK
TO UNRECUSE HIMSELF AND PUT BACK CONTROL OF THE INVESTIGATION.
CONTROL OF THE INVESTIGATION. THAT FAILED AND ULTIMATELY
THAT FAILED AND ULTIMATELY BECAME SOMETHING THAT MUELLER
BECAME SOMETHING THAT MUELLER WAS LOOKING AT AND WHETHER THE
WAS LOOKING AT AND WHETHER THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE.
PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE. THERE WAS NO LESSON THAT APPEARS
THERE WAS NO LESSON THAT APPEARS TO HAVE BEEN LEARNED FROM THAT.
TO HAVE BEEN LEARNED FROM THAT. TRUMP WANTED TO DO THE SAME
TRUMP WANTED TO DO THE SAME THING HERE, RAISING THIS IDEA,
THING HERE, RAISING THIS IDEA, SAYING COULD THEY GET BERMAN
SAYING COULD THEY GET BERMAN BACK IN CONTROL OF IT?
BACK IN CONTROL OF IT? BERMAN’S SOMEONE WHO HAD DONATED
BERMAN’S SOMEONE WHO HAD DONATED TO HIS CAMPAIGN.
TO HIS CAMPAIGN. AND HAD VOLUNTEERED FOR HIS
AND HAD VOLUNTEERED FOR HIS CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. AND TRUMP LOOKING FOR -- GOING
AND TRUMP LOOKING FOR -- GOING BACK TO THE TWO CENTRAL THINGS
BACK TO THE TWO CENTRAL THINGS OF HIM, ONE OF THE BIGGEST,
OF HIM, ONE OF THE BIGGEST, LOYALTY.
LOYALTY. WANTING LOYALTY.
WANTING LOYALTY. OBSESSION WITH LOYALTY.
OBSESSION WITH LOYALTY. A LOYAL PERSON ATOP THE
A LOYAL PERSON ATOP THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. SOMEONE WHO WOULD BE MORE LOYAL
SOMEONE WHO WOULD BE MORE LOYAL TO HIM THAN ANYTHING ELSE.
TO HIM THAN ANYTHING ELSE. >> MIKE SCHMIDT, ARE YOU -- WE
>> MIKE SCHMIDT, ARE YOU -- WE TALK ABOUT THE OBSTRUCTION OF
TALK ABOUT THE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE INVESTIGATION INTO THE
JUSTICE INVESTIGATION INTO THE PRESIDENT AND THE CONTEXT OF THE
PRESIDENT AND THE CONTEXT OF THE MUELLER PROBE.
MUELLER PROBE. IS ANYONE ANYWHERE LOOKING AT
IS ANYONE ANYWHERE LOOKING AT EXAMINING, AWARE OF, THE
EXAMINING, AWARE OF, THE PRESIDENT’S CONDUCT VIS-A-VIS
PRESIDENT’S CONDUCT VIS-A-VIS THE SDNY CASES?
THE SDNY CASES? >> WE DON’T HAVE ANYTHING IN OUR
>> WE DON’T HAVE ANYTHING IN OUR STORY, IN OUR REPORTING, THAT
STORY, IN OUR REPORTING, THAT SHOWS MUELLER LOOKING
SHOWS MUELLER LOOKING SPECIFICALLY AT HOW THE
SPECIFICALLY AT HOW THE PRESIDENT HAS INTERACTED WITH
PRESIDENT HAS INTERACTED WITH THE SDNY INVESTIGATION.
THE SDNY INVESTIGATION. ALL THE STUFF HAS BEEN FOCUSED
ALL THE STUFF HAS BEEN FOCUSED MAINLY, AT LEAST BASED ON WHAT
MAINLY, AT LEAST BASED ON WHAT WE UNDERSTAND, THINGS THE
WE UNDERSTAND, THINGS THE PRESIDENT DID IN OFFICE RELATED
PRESIDENT DID IN OFFICE RELATED TO MUELLER.
TO MUELLER. EVEN BEFORE MUELLER WAS THERE,
EVEN BEFORE MUELLER WAS THERE, ASKING JIM COMEY TO END THE
ASKING JIM COMEY TO END THE INVESTIGATION INTO HIS NATIONAL
INVESTIGATION INTO HIS NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER MICHAEL FLYNN.
SECURITY ADVISER MICHAEL FLYNN. HIS FIRING OF COMEY.
HIS FIRING OF COMEY. HOW IN THE AFTERMATH OF THAT, HE
HOW IN THE AFTERMATH OF THAT, HE WANTED TO GET RID OF MUELLER AS
WANTED TO GET RID OF MUELLER AS WELL.
WELL. THAT IS WHAT THE FOCUS HAS BEEN.
THAT IS WHAT THE FOCUS HAS BEEN. WE DO NOT KNOW THAT THIS STUFF
WE DO NOT KNOW THAT THIS STUFF THAT WE REPORTED ON TODAY IS
THAT WE REPORTED ON TODAY IS PART OF MUELLER.
PART OF MUELLER. >> SO YOUR STORY IS OUT ON WHAT
>> SO YOUR STORY IS OUT ON WHAT I THINK IS THE NEW ATTORNEY
I THINK IS THE NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL’S THIRD DAY IN HIS NEW
GENERAL’S THIRD DAY IN HIS NEW OFFICE.
OFFICE. LET’S LOOK AT HOW HE DEFINES WHO
LET’S LOOK AT HOW HE DEFINES WHO HE WOULD CONSIDER THE DEFINITION
HE WOULD CONSIDER THE DEFINITION OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE TO BE.
OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE TO BE. >> SO, IN MY OPINION, IF HE
>> SO, IN MY OPINION, IF HE ATTEMPTS -- IF A PRESIDENT
ATTEMPTS -- IF A PRESIDENT ATTEMPTS TO INTERVENE IN A
ATTEMPTS TO INTERVENE IN A MATTER THAT HE HAS A STAKE IN,
MATTER THAT HE HAS A STAKE IN, TO PROTECT HIMSELF, THAT SHOULD
TO PROTECT HIMSELF, THAT SHOULD FIRST BE LOOKED AT AS A BREACH
FIRST BE LOOKED AT AS A BREACH OF HIS CONSTITUTIONAL DUTIES.
OF HIS CONSTITUTIONAL DUTIES. >> SO I’M NOT SURE WHAT DONALD
>> SO I’M NOT SURE WHAT DONALD TRUMP THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING IN
TRUMP THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING IN MR. BARR, BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE
MR. BARR, BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE BASED ON WHAT YOU DESCRIBE AT
BASED ON WHAT YOU DESCRIBE AT THE BEGINNING OF YOUR ARTICLE,
THE BEGINNING OF YOUR ARTICLE, IT WOULD QUALIFY AS BEING
IT WOULD QUALIFY AS BEING CONSISTENT WITH WHAT BARR
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT BARR DEFINES AS OBSTRUCTING AN
DEFINES AS OBSTRUCTING AN INVESTIGATION THAT HE, QUOTE,
INVESTIGATION THAT HE, QUOTE, HAS A STAKE IN TO, QUOTE,
HAS A STAKE IN TO, QUOTE, PROTECT HIMSELF.
PROTECT HIMSELF. WOULD YOU AGREE WITH THAT?
WOULD YOU AGREE WITH THAT? >> I’M NOT SURE ABOUT THE
>> I’M NOT SURE ABOUT THE LEGALNESS AROUND THIS, BUT THERE
LEGALNESS AROUND THIS, BUT THERE IS A THEME TO THIS THAT WE’VE
IS A THEME TO THIS THAT WE’VE SEEN IN OTHER THINGS WHERE THE
SEEN IN OTHER THINGS WHERE THE PRESIDENT SORT OF FAILS TO GET
PRESIDENT SORT OF FAILS TO GET WHAT HE WOULD LIKE DONE.
WHAT HE WOULD LIKE DONE. THAT THE PRESIDENT SORT OF
THAT THE PRESIDENT SORT OF STRUGGLES IN HIS EFFORTS TO
STRUGGLES IN HIS EFFORTS TO TRULY OBSTRUCT THE
TRULY OBSTRUCT THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. HE MAKES A LOT OF NOISE.
HE MAKES A LOT OF NOISE. HE SAYS THINGS.
HE SAYS THINGS. PEOPLE WILL NOT CARRY OUT HIS
PEOPLE WILL NOT CARRY OUT HIS ORDERS.
ORDERS. AND ULTIMATELY, HE MOVES ON TO
AND ULTIMATELY, HE MOVES ON TO SOMETHING ELSE AND SOURS ON THE
SOMETHING ELSE AND SOURS ON THE PERSON.
PERSON. IT’S THE SAME EXACT THING THAT
IT’S THE SAME EXACT THING THAT HAPPENS WITH JIM COMEY.
HAPPENS WITH JIM COMEY. ALMOST NEARLY TO THE DAY,
ALMOST NEARLY TO THE DAY, FEBRUARY OF 2017, ASKING COMEY
FEBRUARY OF 2017, ASKING COMEY TO END THE INVESTIGATION INTO
TO END THE INVESTIGATION INTO FLYNN.
FLYNN. COMEY NOT DOING THAT, WRITING
COMEY NOT DOING THAT, WRITING ABOUT IT IN A MEMO AND THEN WHEN
ABOUT IT IN A MEMO AND THEN WHEN THAT COMES OUT, MUELLER BEING
THAT COMES OUT, MUELLER BEING APPOINTED, THE THEME HERE IN THE
APPOINTED, THE THEME HERE IN THE REPORTING IS THE PRESIDENT HAS
REPORTING IS THE PRESIDENT HAS DONE A LOT OF THINGS BUT NOT
DONE A LOT OF THINGS BUT NOT NECESSARILY BEEN SUCCESSFUL AT
NECESSARILY BEEN SUCCESSFUL AT MANY TIMES HIS OWN WORST ENEMY,
MANY TIMES HIS OWN WORST ENEMY, NOT VERY ADEPT AT GETTING THE
NOT VERY ADEPT AT GETTING THE SYSTEM TO DO, AT LEAST BASED ON
SYSTEM TO DO, AT LEAST BASED ON WHAT WE KNOW, WHAT HE WANTS.
WHAT WE KNOW, WHAT HE WANTS. >> YOUR PIECE MAKES A POINT IN
>> YOUR PIECE MAKES A POINT IN THE VERY BEGINNING ABOUT THE
THE VERY BEGINNING ABOUT THE NUMBING EFFECT OF DONALD TRUMP’S
NUMBING EFFECT OF DONALD TRUMP’S CONSTANT EFFORTS AT TRYING TO
CONSTANT EFFORTS AT TRYING TO OBSTRUCT OR INTERVENE IN THESE
OBSTRUCT OR INTERVENE IN THESE INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. AND THEN GOES ON TO SORT OF
AND THEN GOES ON TO SORT OF DESCRIBE THOSE EFFORTS AS BRAZEN
DESCRIBE THOSE EFFORTS AS BRAZEN BY ONE OF HIS LAWYERS, CAN’T BE
BY ONE OF HIS LAWYERS, CAN’T BE CRIMINAL, WE DO IT IN PUBLIC.
CRIMINAL, WE DO IT IN PUBLIC. CAN YOU JUST REMIND US OF ALL
CAN YOU JUST REMIND US OF ALL THE FLASHPOINTS?
THE FLASHPOINTS? WHETHER IT’S THE EFFORT TO FIRE
WHETHER IT’S THE EFFORT TO FIRE ROBERT MUELLER OR GET SESSIONS
ROBERT MUELLER OR GET SESSIONS TO UNRECUSE, WHICH YOU MENTIONED
TO UNRECUSE, WHICH YOU MENTIONED AT THE BEGINNING.
AT THE BEGINNING. WHAT IS THE BODY OF CONDUCT FROM
WHAT IS THE BODY OF CONDUCT FROM DONALD TRUMP UNDER INVESTIGATION
DONALD TRUMP UNDER INVESTIGATION IN THE WIDER OBSTRUCTION OF
IN THE WIDER OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE PROBE?
JUSTICE PROBE? >> WELL, IT’S EVERYTHING.
>> WELL, IT’S EVERYTHING. IT’S EVERYTHING RELATED TO
IT’S EVERYTHING RELATED TO COMEY, TO RUSSIA, BUT AS YOU
COMEY, TO RUSSIA, BUT AS YOU POINT OUT, THERE’S AN
POINT OUT, THERE’S AN INTERESTING SORT OF WRINKLE TO
INTERESTING SORT OF WRINKLE TO IT, THAT A LOT OF THESE THINGS
IT, THAT A LOT OF THESE THINGS MAY HAVE HAPPENED IN PUBLIC.
MAY HAVE HAPPENED IN PUBLIC. THEY MAY HAVE BEEN THINGS HE MAY
THEY MAY HAVE BEEN THINGS HE MAY HAVE BEEN TRYING TO PRESSURE
HAVE BEEN TRYING TO PRESSURE SESSIONS PUBLICLY THROUGH
SESSIONS PUBLICLY THROUGH STATEMENTS, THROUGH TWEETS.
STATEMENTS, THROUGH TWEETS. SAYING THINGS LIKE I NEVER WOULD
SAYING THINGS LIKE I NEVER WOULD HAVE MADE JEFF SESSIONS MY
HAVE MADE JEFF SESSIONS MY ATTORNEY GENERAL IF I KNEW HE
ATTORNEY GENERAL IF I KNEW HE WAS GOING TO RECUSE HIMSELF.
WAS GOING TO RECUSE HIMSELF. AND SORT OF MIXING THAT WITH
AND SORT OF MIXING THAT WITH OTHER THINGS BEHIND THE SCENES
OTHER THINGS BEHIND THE SCENES TO TRY AND GET SESSIONS OUT OR
TO TRY AND GET SESSIONS OUT OR GET SESSIONS TO FIRE MUELLER.
GET SESSIONS TO FIRE MUELLER. SORT OF THE INTERTWINED NATURE
SORT OF THE INTERTWINED NATURE OF THEM.
OF THEM. THE PIECE THAT WE HAVE HERE
THE PIECE THAT WE HAVE HERE TODAY IS SOMETHING HE SAID TO
TODAY IS SOMETHING HE SAID TO ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL IN
ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL IN PRIVATE.
PRIVATE. BUT HE HAS ALSO GONE AFTER THE
BUT HE HAS ALSO GONE AFTER THE INVESTIGATIONS IN PUBLIC AND HE
INVESTIGATIONS IN PUBLIC AND HE HAS TRIED TO DEMONIZE THE
HAS TRIED TO DEMONIZE THE INVESTIGATORS IN PUBLIC AND HE’S
INVESTIGATORS IN PUBLIC AND HE’S GONE AFTER WITNESSES IN PUBLIC.
GONE AFTER WITNESSES IN PUBLIC. SO THE -- SOMETIMES WE SPEND A
SO THE -- SOMETIMES WE SPEND A LOT OF TIME TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
LOT OF TIME TRYING TO FIGURE OUT SOMETHING THE PRESIDENT DID
SOMETHING THE PRESIDENT DID BEHIND THE SCENES ONLY TO FIND
BEHIND THE SCENES ONLY TO FIND OUT THAT HE SAID IT PUBLICLY AND
OUT THAT HE SAID IT PUBLICLY AND MANY TIMES HE HASN’T HIDDEN HIS
MANY TIMES HE HASN’T HIDDEN HIS FEELINGS ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION
FEELINGS ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION AND DONE A VERY GOOD JOB AT SORT
AND DONE A VERY GOOD JOB AT SORT OF MOVING PUBLIC OPINION, AT
OF MOVING PUBLIC OPINION, AT LEAST MAKING IT CONFUSING FOR
LEAST MAKING IT CONFUSING FOR THE AVERAGE AMERICAN BECAUSE
THE AVERAGE AMERICAN BECAUSE THEY HEAR SO MANY DIFFERENT
THEY HEAR SO MANY DIFFERENT THINGS ABOUT THIS, TO ACTUALLY
THINGS ABOUT THIS, TO ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND WHAT HE HAS DONE.
UNDERSTAND WHAT HE HAS DONE. OR NOT DONE.
OR NOT DONE. >> HARRY LIPPMAN, I’M NOT A
>> HARRY LIPPMAN, I’M NOT A LAWYER, BUT IS THAT A DEFENSE?
LAWYER, BUT IS THAT A DEFENSE? I MURDERED SOMEONE IN BROAD
I MURDERED SOMEONE IN BROAD DAYLIGHT WHILE EVERYBODY WAS
DAYLIGHT WHILE EVERYBODY WAS LOOKING?
LOOKING? >> I THINK YOU KNOW THE ANSWER
>> I THINK YOU KNOW THE ANSWER TO THAT ONE.
TO THAT ONE. IT SURE -- YOU CAN CERTAINLY
IT SURE -- YOU CAN CERTAINLY OBSTRUCT JUSTICE AND DO IT IN
OBSTRUCT JUSTICE AND DO IT IN PLAIN VIEW, IN PLAIN SIGHT.
PLAIN VIEW, IN PLAIN SIGHT. FOR THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
FOR THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, IN FACT, THAT’S OFTEN
STATES, IN FACT, THAT’S OFTEN THE OPPORTUNITIES YOU HAVE WHEN
THE OPPORTUNITIES YOU HAVE WHEN YOU -- YOU CAN USE YOUR BULLY
YOU -- YOU CAN USE YOUR BULLY PULPIT IN A WAY TO ACTUALLY
PULPIT IN A WAY TO ACTUALLY INFLUENCE INVESTIGATIONS AND GET
INFLUENCE INVESTIGATIONS AND GET THE WORD OUT.
THE WORD OUT. BUT WHAT I THINK WAS SO STRIKING
BUT WHAT I THINK WAS SO STRIKING ABOUT WHAT ROBERT HAD TO SAY AND
ABOUT WHAT ROBERT HAD TO SAY AND THE REPORT, ITSELF, WAS THE
THE REPORT, ITSELF, WAS THE PANORAMA OF IT.
PANORAMA OF IT. PROSECUTORS INVESTIGATE EPISODES
PROSECUTORS INVESTIGATE EPISODES AND THERE ARE MANY EPISODES OF
AND THERE ARE MANY EPISODES OF POSSIBLE OBSTRUCTION HERE.
POSSIBLE OBSTRUCTION HERE. BUT WHEN YOU TAKE A STEP BACK
BUT WHEN YOU TAKE A STEP BACK AND LOOK AT THIS LONG ARTICLE,
AND LOOK AT THIS LONG ARTICLE, WHAT YOU SEE IS A THEME ALMOST
WHAT YOU SEE IS A THEME ALMOST LIKE A CONTINUING CRIMINAL
LIKE A CONTINUING CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE WHERE THE OBSTRUCTION
ENTERPRISE WHERE THE OBSTRUCTION IS JUST SECOND NATURE TO HIM.
IS JUST SECOND NATURE TO HIM. THE DEMONIZATION.
THE DEMONIZATION. THE ANYTHING GOES KIND OF LIES
THE ANYTHING GOES KIND OF LIES ABOUT THE ANTAGONISTS AND THE
ABOUT THE ANTAGONISTS AND THE PROSECUTORS.
PROSECUTORS. WHEN IT’S ALL ADDED UP, IT’S
WHEN IT’S ALL ADDED UP, IT’S MORE THAN THE SUM OF ITS PARTS.
MORE THAN THE SUM OF ITS PARTS. >> ROBERT COSTA, I WANT TO PLAY
>> ROBERT COSTA, I WANT TO PLAY FOR YOU SOMETHING THAT I HEARD
FOR YOU SOMETHING THAT I HEARD RIGHT WHEN MIKE AND HIS
RIGHT WHEN MIKE AND HIS COLLEAGUES’ STORY BROKE.
COLLEAGUES’ STORY BROKE. I FLIPPED OVER TO FOX NEWS TO
I FLIPPED OVER TO FOX NEWS TO SEE, ONE, IF IT WAS BEING
SEE, ONE, IF IT WAS BEING COVERED, AND TO SHEP SMITH, A
COVERED, AND TO SHEP SMITH, A GREAT, GREAT JOURNALIST OVER
GREAT, GREAT JOURNALIST OVER THERE, CREDITS, OF COURSE IT
THERE, CREDITS, OF COURSE IT WAS.
WAS. HE HAD ON JUDGE NAPOLITANO.
HE HAD ON JUDGE NAPOLITANO. THEIR EFANALYSIS WAS DAMNING.
THEIR EFANALYSIS WAS DAMNING. I WANT TO ASK YOU HOW THIS IS
I WANT TO ASK YOU HOW THIS IS PLAYING IN THE WEST WING.
PLAYING IN THE WEST WING. >> PRESIDENT TRUMP, IF "THE NEW
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP, IF "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS CORRECT, WANTED
YORK TIMES" IS CORRECT, WANTED HIS ALLY TO BE IN CHARGE OF BOTH
HIS ALLY TO BE IN CHARGE OF BOTH OF THOSE INVESTIGATIONS.
OF THOSE INVESTIGATIONS. MATT WHITAKER, TO HIS CREDIT,
MATT WHITAKER, TO HIS CREDIT, APPARENTLY DID NOT EXECUTE THAT
APPARENTLY DID NOT EXECUTE THAT COMMAND.
COMMAND. >> BUT THAT -- THAT PHONE CALL,
>> BUT THAT -- THAT PHONE CALL, YOU SAID THAT’S EVIDENT OF
YOU SAID THAT’S EVIDENT OF CORRUPT INTENT.
CORRUPT INTENT. >> ON PART OF PRESIDENT BECAUSE
>> ON PART OF PRESIDENT BECAUSE HE’S MAKING A --
HE’S MAKING A -- >> WOULD THAT BE OBSTRUCTION?
>> WOULD THAT BE OBSTRUCTION? >> YES.
>> YES. IT WOULD BE ATTEMPTED
IT WOULD BE ATTEMPTED OBSTRUCTION.
OBSTRUCTION. IT WOULD ONLY BE OBSTRUCTION IF
IT WOULD ONLY BE OBSTRUCTION IF IT SUCCEEDED.
IT SUCCEEDED. IF YOU TRY TO INTERFERE WITH A
IF YOU TRY TO INTERFERE WITH A CRIMINAL PROSECUTION THAT MAY
CRIMINAL PROSECUTION THAT MAY KNOCK AT YOUR OWN DOOR BY
KNOCK AT YOUR OWN DOOR BY PUTTING YOUR ALLY IN THERE, THAT
PUTTING YOUR ALLY IN THERE, THAT IS CLEARLY AN ATTEMPT TO
IS CLEARLY AN ATTEMPT TO OBSTRUCT JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCT JUSTICE. >> ROBERT COSTA, I KNOW THEY
>> ROBERT COSTA, I KNOW THEY DON’T CARE WHAT WE SAY HERE ON
DON’T CARE WHAT WE SAY HERE ON THIS NETWORK, BUT THEY CARE
THIS NETWORK, BUT THEY CARE VERY, VERY MUCH, MOST OF THEM
VERY, VERY MUCH, MOST OF THEM WILL ADMIT IT PRIVATELY, WHAT
WILL ADMIT IT PRIVATELY, WHAT HAPPENS ON THAT NETWORK.
HAPPENS ON THAT NETWORK. NOT A GOOD OMAN FOR THIS
NOT A GOOD OMAN FOR THIS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. >> WHAT THE JUDGE OVER THERE ON
>> WHAT THE JUDGE OVER THERE ON FOX SAID IS WHAT REPUBLICANS NOW
FOX SAID IS WHAT REPUBLICANS NOW ARE FACING ON CAPITOL HILL.
ARE FACING ON CAPITOL HILL. THEY SEE THE LEGAL STORM CLOUDS
THEY SEE THE LEGAL STORM CLOUDS OVER THIS PRESIDENT ABOUT HIS
OVER THIS PRESIDENT ABOUT HIS CONDUCT.
CONDUCT. THEY KNOW THAT PAUL MANAFORT AND
THEY KNOW THAT PAUL MANAFORT AND GENERAL FLYNN AND OTHERS MAY
GENERAL FLYNN AND OTHERS MAY HAVE THEIR OWN ISSUES WITH
HAVE THEIR OWN ISSUES WITH RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016
RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016 CAMPAIGN, BUT NOW THE PRTESIDENT
CAMPAIGN, BUT NOW THE PRTESIDENT WHO HAS THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN
WHO HAS THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN HIS GRIP IS FACING MOUNTING
HIS GRIP IS FACING MOUNTING QUESTIONS OF OBSTRUCTION OR
QUESTIONS OF OBSTRUCTION OR ALLEGED OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
ALLEGED OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AS OUTLINED IN "THE NEW YORK
AS OUTLINED IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES."
TIMES." TERRIFIC STORY BY MIKE SCHMIDT
TERRIFIC STORY BY MIKE SCHMIDT AND OTHERS.
AND OTHERS. AND THROUGH OTHER INCIDENCES
AND THROUGH OTHER INCIDENCES OVER THE PAST COUPLE YEARS.
OVER THE PAST COUPLE YEARS. THAT’S THE CRITICAL ISSUE RIGHT
THAT’S THE CRITICAL ISSUE RIGHT NOW FOR THOSE ON THE
NOW FOR THOSE ON THE CONSERVATIVE SIDE.
CONSERVATIVE SIDE. YOU MAY NOT BELIEVE IN RUSSIAN
YOU MAY NOT BELIEVE IN RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE, WAS A BIG ISSUE.
INTERFERENCE, WAS A BIG ISSUE. IT WAS SOMETHING UNRELATED TO
IT WAS SOMETHING UNRELATED TO THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. BUT THE PRESIDENT’S CONDUCT,
BUT THE PRESIDENT’S CONDUCT, THAT IS SOMETHING IN THE
THAT IS SOMETHING IN THE SPOTLIGHT AND THAT WILL LIKELY
SPOTLIGHT AND THAT WILL LIKELY BE DETAILED BY ROBERT MUELLER AT
BE DETAILED BY ROBERT MUELLER AT SOME LEVEL.
SOME LEVEL. DOZENS OF INSTANCES OF WHETHER
DOZENS OF INSTANCES OF WHETHER YOU CALL IT OBSTRUCTION OR NOT,
YOU CALL IT OBSTRUCTION OR NOT, OF BEHAVIOR THAT CONGRESS WILL
OF BEHAVIOR THAT CONGRESS WILL HAVE TO SCRUTINIZE.
HAVE TO SCRUTINIZE. >> MIMI, I ALWAYS LIKE TO GO
>> MIMI, I ALWAYS LIKE TO GO BACK WHEN SOMETHING ON THE
BACK WHEN SOMETHING ON THE OBSTRUCTION SIDE, WHEN THERE’S A
OBSTRUCTION SIDE, WHEN THERE’S A NEW DEVELOPMENT, AND SEE THE
NEW DEVELOPMENT, AND SEE THE PRESIDENT IN HIS OWN WORDS
PRESIDENT IN HIS OWN WORDS REACTING IN A WAY THAT I DON’T
REACTING IN A WAY THAT I DON’T THINK WE’VE SEEN IN HIS ENTIRE
THINK WE’VE SEEN IN HIS ENTIRE PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. THE WAY HE REACTED, THE THINGS
THE WAY HE REACTED, THE THINGS HE SAID THE DAY OF THE COHEN
HE SAID THE DAY OF THE COHEN RAID.
RAID. AND I’M GOING TO PLAY THIS
AND I’M GOING TO PLAY THIS BECAUSE ALL OF HIS CLOSEST
BECAUSE ALL OF HIS CLOSEST ALLIES SAY IT IS THE COHEN RAID
ALLIES SAY IT IS THE COHEN RAID AND THE CASES THAT STEMMED FROM
AND THE CASES THAT STEMMED FROM COHEN FLIPPING AND COHEN NOW
COHEN FLIPPING AND COHEN NOW HAVING NOTHING TO LOSE.
HAVING NOTHING TO LOSE. HE’S ON HIS WAY TO PRISON.
HE’S ON HIS WAY TO PRISON. THAT GIVES THE PRESIDENT THE
THAT GIVES THE PRESIDENT THE MOST FEAR ON THE LEGAL FRONT.
MOST FEAR ON THE LEGAL FRONT. LET’S WATCH THAT REACTION FROM
LET’S WATCH THAT REACTION FROM MANY MONTHS AGO.
MANY MONTHS AGO. >> IT’S A DISGRACE.
>> IT’S A DISGRACE. IT’S, FRANKLY, A REAL DISGRACE.
IT’S, FRANKLY, A REAL DISGRACE. IT’S AN ATTACK ON OUR COUNTRY,
IT’S AN ATTACK ON OUR COUNTRY, IN A TRUE SENSE.
IN A TRUE SENSE. IT’S AN ATTACK ON WHAT WE ALL
IT’S AN ATTACK ON WHAT WE ALL STAND FOR.
STAND FOR. >> THIS WAS A RAID ON THE HOMES
>> THIS WAS A RAID ON THE HOMES AND OFFICES OF MICHAEL COHEN,
AND OFFICES OF MICHAEL COHEN, WHO WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, WAS
WHO WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, WAS THE PRESIDENT’S FIXER.
THE PRESIDENT’S FIXER. HE PAID MONEY TO WOMEN HE HAD
HE PAID MONEY TO WOMEN HE HAD ALLEGED SEXUAL RELATIONSHIPS
ALLEGED SEXUAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH.
WITH. IT WAS A LOT OF THINGS.
IT WAS A LOT OF THINGS. IT WAS NOT AN ATTACK ON OUR
IT WAS NOT AN ATTACK ON OUR NATION.
NATION. MIMI.
MIMI. >> EXACTLY, NICOLLE.
>> EXACTLY, NICOLLE. WHEN I WAS READING THE ARTICLE
WHEN I WAS READING THE ARTICLE TODAY, I THOUGHT OF THAT DAY
TODAY, I THOUGHT OF THAT DAY ALSO OF WHEN TRUMP WAS SO
ALSO OF WHEN TRUMP WAS SO INCENSED ABOUT THE RAID ON
INCENSED ABOUT THE RAID ON MICHAEL -- I HATE TO CALL IT A
MICHAEL -- I HATE TO CALL IT A RAID -- THE LAWFULLY EXECUTED
RAID -- THE LAWFULLY EXECUTED SEARCH WARRANT ON MICHAEL
SEARCH WARRANT ON MICHAEL COHEN’S OFFICE.
COHEN’S OFFICE. IT’S SO CLEAR.
IT’S SO CLEAR. IT WAS CLEAR THEY DAY, IT’S MORE
IT WAS CLEAR THEY DAY, IT’S MORE CLEAR NOW IN RETROSPECT GIVEN
CLEAR NOW IN RETROSPECT GIVEN WHAT MICHAEL COHEN CAME OUT AND
WHAT MICHAEL COHEN CAME OUT AND SAID UNDER OATH ABOUT THE
SAID UNDER OATH ABOUT THE PRESIDENT THAT HE WAS SAYING
PRESIDENT THAT HE WAS SAYING THOSE THINGS, TRUMP, OUT OF
THOSE THINGS, TRUMP, OUT OF FEAR.
FEAR. HE WAS AFRAID OF WHAT WAS GOING
HE WAS AFRAID OF WHAT WAS GOING TO COME OUT OF THIS
TO COME OUT OF THIS INVESTIGATION AND WE KNOW THE
INVESTIGATION AND WE KNOW THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT DID NOT END
SOUTHERN DISTRICT DID NOT END ITS INVESTIGATION WHEN MICHAEL
ITS INVESTIGATION WHEN MICHAEL COHEN PLED GUILTY.
COHEN PLED GUILTY. THERE HAVE NOW BEEN FREQUENT,
THERE HAVE NOW BEEN FREQUENT, SEVERAL STATEMENTS, IN COURT
SEVERAL STATEMENTS, IN COURT DOCUMENTS AND BY THE SOUTHERN
DOCUMENTS AND BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, THAT THEY HAVE AN ON
DISTRICT, THAT THEY HAVE AN ON ONGOING INVESTIGATION AND THAT,
ONGOING INVESTIGATION AND THAT, TO ME, IS WHAT IS SO DANGEROUS
TO ME, IS WHAT IS SO DANGEROUS AND STRIKING ABOUT THIS
AND STRIKING ABOUT THIS ATTEMPTED OBSTRUCTION BY TRUMP.
ATTEMPTED OBSTRUCTION BY TRUMP. THE FIRING OF COMEY, THE ASKING
THE FIRING OF COMEY, THE ASKING TO LET THE INVESTIGATION GO TO
TO LET THE INVESTIGATION GO TO FLYNN, I PERSONALLY THINK, LIKE
FLYNN, I PERSONALLY THINK, LIKE MANY OTHER LEGAL EXPERTS, THAT
MANY OTHER LEGAL EXPERTS, THAT THAT COULD AND SHOULD CONSTITUTE
THAT COULD AND SHOULD CONSTITUTE OBSTRUCTION, BUT THERE ARE
OBSTRUCTION, BUT THERE ARE ARGUABLE DEFENSES THAT TRUMP
ARGUABLE DEFENSES THAT TRUMP COULD RAISE AND HE COULD SAY HE
COULD RAISE AND HE COULD SAY HE WAS HELPING A FRIEND OR HE WAS
WAS HELPING A FRIEND OR HE WAS TRYING TO AN END INVESTIGATION
TRYING TO AN END INVESTIGATION THAT WAS POLITICALLY MOTIVATED
THAT WAS POLITICALLY MOTIVATED AND IT DIDN’T CENTER ON HIM AT
AND IT DIDN’T CENTER ON HIM AT THE TIME OF THE FIRING.
THE TIME OF THE FIRING. HE CANNOT SAY THOSE THINGS ABOUT
HE CANNOT SAY THOSE THINGS ABOUT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
YORK. THERE IS NO QUESTION THAT HE HAS
THERE IS NO QUESTION THAT HE HAS KNOWN FROM DAY ONE AND IT HAS
KNOWN FROM DAY ONE AND IT HAS BECOME MORE AND MORE EVIDENT,
BECOME MORE AND MORE EVIDENT, INCLUDING COHEN’S STATEMENT
INCLUDING COHEN’S STATEMENT UNDER OATH, THAT THE SOUTHERN
UNDER OATH, THAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK’S
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK’S INVESTIGATION CENTERS ON TRUMP’S
INVESTIGATION CENTERS ON TRUMP’S FAMILY, TRUMP’S BUSINESS, AND
FAMILY, TRUMP’S BUSINESS, AND LIKELY TRUMP, HIMSELF, WHETHER
LIKELY TRUMP, HIMSELF, WHETHER OR NOT HE CAN BE INDICTED.
OR NOT HE CAN BE INDICTED. AND SO IT IS JUST THE CLEAREST
AND SO IT IS JUST THE CLEAREST FORM OF ONBSTRUCTIONOBSTRUCTION,
FORM OF ONBSTRUCTIONOBSTRUCTION, THAT WE’VE SEEN.
THAT WE’VE SEEN. YOU KNOW, I THINK THAT THE
YOU KNOW, I THINK THAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT AND, FRANKLY,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT AND, FRANKLY, BERMAN, WHO TRUMP SEES, I GUESS,
BERMAN, WHO TRUMP SEES, I GUESS, AS AN ALLY, BUT BERMAN DID THE
AS AN ALLY, BUT BERMAN DID THE RIGHT THING BY RECUSING HIMSELF
RIGHT THING BY RECUSING HIMSELF IN LEAVING THIS INVESTIGATION IN
IN LEAVING THIS INVESTIGATION IN THE HANDS OF CAREER PROSECUTORS.
THE HANDS OF CAREER PROSECUTORS. >> MIKE SCHMIDT, I WANT TO ASK
>> MIKE SCHMIDT, I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT SOME OF YOUR WHITAKER
YOU ABOUT SOME OF YOUR WHITAKER REPORTING IN HERE, BUT ARE WE
REPORTING IN HERE, BUT ARE WE LOOKING AT THIS TODAY TOO
LOOKING AT THIS TODAY TOO NARROWLY?
NARROWLY? WAS TRUMP JUST CONCERNED ABOUT
WAS TRUMP JUST CONCERNED ABOUT THE COHEN CASE AND THE HUSH
THE COHEN CASE AND THE HUSH MONEY CASE?
MONEY CASE? OR WAS HE WORRIED ABOUT THE
OR WAS HE WORRIED ABOUT THE BROADER SCOPE AND THE BROADER
BROADER SCOPE AND THE BROADER MANDATE OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
MANDATE OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK?
OF NEW YORK? >> IT’S UNCLEAR.
>> IT’S UNCLEAR. I THINK WITH TRUMP, IT ALWAYS
I THINK WITH TRUMP, IT ALWAYS COMES BACK TO ONE CENTRAL
COMES BACK TO ONE CENTRAL QUESTION WHICH IS HIS FINANCES.
QUESTION WHICH IS HIS FINANCES. SINCE JULY OF 2017, HE HAS SAID
SINCE JULY OF 2017, HE HAS SAID THAT HIS FINANCES, HIS MONEY,
THAT HIS FINANCES, HIS MONEY, WOULD BE A RED LINE, WHICH WOULD
WOULD BE A RED LINE, WHICH WOULD BE -- FOR MUELLER.
BE -- FOR MUELLER. HE WAS TALKING ABOUT THE TIMES
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT THE TIMES SAYING IF MUELLER LOOKS AT HIS
SAYING IF MUELLER LOOKS AT HIS FINANCES, THAT WOULD BE GOING
FINANCES, THAT WOULD BE GOING TOO FAR.
TOO FAR. I CAN’T IMAGINE IF THE SOUTHERN
I CAN’T IMAGINE IF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS LOOKING
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS LOOKING ATS HIS FINANCES, HE WOULD BE
ATS HIS FINANCES, HE WOULD BE OKAY WITH THAT.
OKAY WITH THAT. SO SHE’S ALWAYS BEEN VERY
SO SHE’S ALWAYS BEEN VERY SENSITIVE ON THAT ISSUE.
SENSITIVE ON THAT ISSUE. ON HIS MONEY.
ON HIS MONEY. INCLUDING ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL
INCLUDING ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL WHERE HE WOULDN’T RELEASE HIS
WHERE HE WOULDN’T RELEASE HIS OWN TAXES.
OWN TAXES. SO, HERE, YOU HAVE -- THE
SO, HERE, YOU HAVE -- THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS CROSSED
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS CROSSED THAT RED LINE.
THAT RED LINE. THE PRESIDENT, YOU KNOW, HAS
THE PRESIDENT, YOU KNOW, HAS TRIED TO DO DIFFERENT THINGS TO
TRIED TO DO DIFFERENT THINGS TO SORT OF REIN IT IN, AND IF THERE
SORT OF REIN IT IN, AND IF THERE IS ANYTHING THAT HE’S MOST
IS ANYTHING THAT HE’S MOST FOCUSED ON, ITMONEY, IT IS THE
FOCUSED ON, ITMONEY, IT IS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT. WE HAVE NO INDICATION ON THE
WE HAVE NO INDICATION ON THE MUELLER SIDE THAT MUELLER HAS
MUELLER SIDE THAT MUELLER HAS LOOKED AT THE MONEY.
LOOKED AT THE MONEY. ON PAYMENTS TO THE WOMEN AND ON
ON PAYMENTS TO THE WOMEN AND ON THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, IT IS
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, IT IS HIS MONEY.
HIS MONEY. >> CHUCK ROSENBERG SAYS MUELLER
>> CHUCK ROSENBERG SAYS MUELLER HAS HIS TAXES.
HAS HIS TAXES. WE’LL SAFEVE THAT FOR ANOTHER DA
WE’LL SAFEVE THAT FOR ANOTHER DA I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THIS
I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THIS REPORTING ABOUT ACTING ATTORNEY
REPORTING ABOUT ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL MATT WHITAKER.
GENERAL MATT WHITAKER. YOU GUYS WRITE "MR. WHITAKER WHO
YOU GUYS WRITE "MR. WHITAKER WHO EARLIER THIS MONTH TOLD A
EARLIER THIS MONTH TOLD A CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE THAT MR.
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE THAT MR. TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED HIM OVER
TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED HIM OVER THE VARIOUS INVESTIGATIONS IS
THE VARIOUS INVESTIGATIONS IS NOW UNDER SCRUTINY BY HOUSE
NOW UNDER SCRUTINY BY HOUSE DEMOCRATS FOR POSSIBLE PERJURY."
DEMOCRATS FOR POSSIBLE PERJURY." IS ANYONE IN THE JUSTICE
IS ANYONE IN THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT LOOKING AT HIS
DEPARTMENT LOOKING AT HIS TESTIMONY OR IS THIS STILL THE
TESTIMONY OR IS THIS STILL THE DEMOCRATS IN THEIR OVERSIGHT
DEMOCRATS IN THEIR OVERSIGHT ROLE OVER REPUBLICAN-LED JUSTICE
ROLE OVER REPUBLICAN-LED JUSTICE DEPARTMENT?
DEPARTMENT? >> I’M SURE LIKE ANY OFFICIAL
>> I’M SURE LIKE ANY OFFICIAL WHO GOES UP TO CAPITOL HILL AND
WHO GOES UP TO CAPITOL HILL AND TESTIFIES, THE JUSTICE
TESTIFIES, THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT WILL GO BACK AND LOOK
DEPARTMENT WILL GO BACK AND LOOK AT IT.
AT IT. I DON’T KNOW ANYTHING BEYOND
I DON’T KNOW ANYTHING BEYOND THAT THAT WOULD BE THERE.
THAT THAT WOULD BE THERE. I CAN IMAGINE THIS WILL BE AN
I CAN IMAGINE THIS WILL BE AN ISSUE THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL
ISSUE THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL CONTINUE TO BRING UP TIME AND
CONTINUE TO BRING UP TIME AND TIME AGAIN.
TIME AGAIN. TO TRY AND GET WHITAKER TO TRY
TO TRY AND GET WHITAKER TO TRY AND PIN HIM DOWN.
AND PIN HIM DOWN. YOU SORT OF SEE THE PROBLEM AT
YOU SORT OF SEE THE PROBLEM AT TIMES WITH ALLOWING MEMBERS OF
TIMES WITH ALLOWING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO ASK SOMEONE A
CONGRESS TO ASK SOMEONE A QUESTION.
QUESTION. THERE ARE DIFFERENT WAYS THAT
THERE ARE DIFFERENT WAYS THAT WHITAKER PROVIDED DIFFERENT
WHITAKER PROVIDED DIFFERENT ANSWERS THAT DON’T NECESSARILY
ANSWERS THAT DON’T NECESSARILY PROVIDE COMPLETE CLARITY TO WHAT
PROVIDE COMPLETE CLARITY TO WHAT WENT ON.
WENT ON. PERHAPS, IN FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS
PERHAPS, IN FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS FROM THE COMMITTEES UP THERE,
FROM THE COMMITTEES UP THERE, WHITAKER WILL EXPLAIN ACTUALLY
WHITAKER WILL EXPLAIN ACTUALLY AEFRLG
AEFRLG EVERYTHING THAT WENT ON HERE.
EVERYTHING THAT WENT ON HERE. A READING OF THE TRANSCRIPT IS
A READING OF THE TRANSCRIPT IS NOT ENTIRELY CAREER WHAT THE
NOT ENTIRELY CAREER WHAT THE CONVERSATIONS WERE WITH THE
CONVERSATIONS WERE WITH THE PRESIDENT AND WHEN THEY MAY HAVE
PRESIDENT AND WHEN THEY MAY HAVE HAPPENED.
HAPPENED. >> GLENN KIRCHNER, IT’S A GOOD
>> GLENN KIRCHNER, IT’S A GOOD POINT.
POINT. CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DO GIVE
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES DO GIVE WITNESSES AN OPPORTUNITY TO
WITNESSES AN OPPORTUNITY TO CLEAN UP SOMETIMES SOMETHING
CLEAN UP SOMETIMES SOMETHING THEY SAID.
THEY SAID. LET ME PUT UP ONE OF STATEMENTS
LET ME PUT UP ONE OF STATEMENTS THAT HE MIGHT NEED TO CLEAN UP.
THAT HE MIGHT NEED TO CLEAN UP. WE’LL TALK ABOUT IT.
WE’LL TALK ABOUT IT. >> AT NO TIME HAS THE WHITE
>> AT NO TIME HAS THE WHITE HOUSE ASKED FOR, NOR HAVE I
HOUSE ASKED FOR, NOR HAVE I PROVIDED, ANY PROMISES OR
PROVIDED, ANY PROMISES OR COMMITMENTS CONCERNING THE
COMMITMENTS CONCERNING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION
SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION OR ANY OTHER INVESTIGATION.
OR ANY OTHER INVESTIGATION. >> GLENN KIRCHNER, YOU THINK
>> GLENN KIRCHNER, YOU THINK THAT’S SOMETHING HE’S GOING TO
THAT’S SOMETHING HE’S GOING TO WANT TO MAYBE SAY, OH, I
WANT TO MAYBE SAY, OH, I REMEMBERED SOMETHING, COME TO
REMEMBERED SOMETHING, COME TO THINK OF IT.
THINK OF IT. >> YEAH, NICOLLE, PLUS ONE POINT
>> YEAH, NICOLLE, PLUS ONE POINT TO MATTHEW WHITAKER FOR TELLING
TO MATTHEW WHITAKER FOR TELLING PRESIDENT TRUMP THAT GEOFF
PRESIDENT TRUMP THAT GEOFF BERMAN CANNOT SUPERVISE THE
BERMAN CANNOT SUPERVISE THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK INVESTIGATION, BUT MINUS TWO
INVESTIGATION, BUT MINUS TWO POINTS FOR GIVING WHAT SURE
POINTS FOR GIVING WHAT SURE SEEMS TO BE MISLEADING ANSWERS
SEEMS TO BE MISLEADING ANSWERS ON THAT VERY TOPIC.
ON THAT VERY TOPIC. WHETHER THE PRESIDENT EVER
WHETHER THE PRESIDENT EVER PRESSURED HIM, APPROACHED HIM,
PRESSURED HIM, APPROACHED HIM, TRIED TO GET HIM TO DO SOMETHING
TRIED TO GET HIM TO DO SOMETHING WITH RESPECT TO THE SOUTHERN
WITH RESPECT TO THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. SO I THINK ULTIMATELY, MATTHEW
SO I THINK ULTIMATELY, MATTHEW WHITAKER MAY HAVE GONE FROM THE
WHITAKER MAY HAVE GONE FROM THE LEAST QUALIFIED ACTING ATTORNEY
LEAST QUALIFIED ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL IN THE HISTORY OF OUR
GENERAL IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY, TO POTENTIALLY A
COUNTRY, TO POTENTIALLY A SUBJECT OR A TARGET OF A FALSE
SUBJECT OR A TARGET OF A FALSE STATEMENTS INVESTIGATION FOR
STATEMENTS INVESTIGATION FOR WHAT SEEMS TO BE MISLEADING
WHAT SEEMS TO BE MISLEADING TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS.
TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS. >> IT’S AMAZING.
>> IT’S AMAZING. IT DOES -- IT DOES SORT OF PROVE
IT DOES -- IT DOES SORT OF PROVE OUT, ROBERT COSTA, THIS TENET
OUT, ROBERT COSTA, THIS TENET THAT EVEN PEOPLE CLOSE TO DONALD
THAT EVEN PEOPLE CLOSE TO DONALD TRUMP WILL SAY THAT EVERYONE WHO
TRUMP WILL SAY THAT EVERYONE WHO BECOMES ENTANGLED, WHETHER IT’S
BECOMES ENTANGLED, WHETHER IT’S MANAFORT WHO’D DONE YEARS OF
MANAFORT WHO’D DONE YEARS OF ETHICALLY QUESTIONABLE BUSINESS
ETHICALLY QUESTIONABLE BUSINESS FOR YEARS, GETS CAUGHT AND
FOR YEARS, GETS CAUGHT AND PROSECUTED AND SENTENCED WHEN HE
PROSECUTED AND SENTENCED WHEN HE GOES TO WORK FOR DONALD TRUMP.
GOES TO WORK FOR DONALD TRUMP. ALL OF THESE FIGURES COME IN
ALL OF THESE FIGURES COME IN CONTACT WITH DONALD TRUMP AND IT
CONTACT WITH DONALD TRUMP AND IT SEEMS THAT THEY GET SCRUTINIZED
SEEMS THAT THEY GET SCRUTINIZED IN A NEW WAY.
IN A NEW WAY. YOU HAVE ANY THOUGHTS OR ANY
YOU HAVE ANY THOUGHTS OR ANY REPORTING ABOUT MATT WHITAKER’S
REPORTING ABOUT MATT WHITAKER’S FUTURE, ROBERT COSTA?
FUTURE, ROBERT COSTA? >> MATTHEW WHITAKER WAS A
>> MATTHEW WHITAKER WAS A COMMENTATOR BEFORE HE JOINED THE
COMMENTATOR BEFORE HE JOINED THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT.
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT. HIS FRIENDS TELL ME HE WOULD
HIS FRIENDS TELL ME HE WOULD LIKE TO BECOME A CONSERVATIVE
LIKE TO BECOME A CONSERVATIVE COMMENTATOR.
COMMENTATOR. ONCE AGAIN, THOUGH, AT THE
ONCE AGAIN, THOUGH, AT THE MOMENT, HE’S STILL LINGERING
MOMENT, HE’S STILL LINGERING AROUND THE DEPARTMENT OF
AROUND THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. WHAT WE’RE SEEING WITH THIS
WHAT WE’RE SEEING WITH THIS WHITAKER EXCHANGE, WITH THE
WHITAKER EXCHANGE, WITH THE COREY LEWANDOWSKI EXCHANGE, WITH
COREY LEWANDOWSKI EXCHANGE, WITH THE PRESIDENT, AND "THE NEW YORK
THE PRESIDENT, AND "THE NEW YORK TIMES" STORY, IS A WHITE HOUSE
TIMES" STORY, IS A WHITE HOUSE THAT WANTED TO KEEP THE RUSSIA
THAT WANTED TO KEEP THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION SEPARATES,
INVESTIGATION SEPARATES, BRINGING IN EMMET FLOOD, HAVING
BRINGING IN EMMET FLOOD, HAVING RUDY GIULIANI AND OTHER LAWYERS
RUDY GIULIANI AND OTHER LAWYERS ON THE OUTSIDE.
ON THE OUTSIDE. HAS ALWAYS FOUND THE WATERS TO
HAS ALWAYS FOUND THE WATERS TO BE MUDDY OVER THE PAST TWO
BE MUDDY OVER THE PAST TWO YEARS.
YEARS. THE WHITE HOUSE HAS STRUGGLED
THE WHITE HOUSE HAS STRUGGLED ACROSS THE BOARD TO MAKE SURE
ACROSS THE BOARD TO MAKE SURE THAT THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION
THAT THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION REMAINS SEPARATE.
REMAINS SEPARATE. THE PRESIDENT TIME AND AGAIN
THE PRESIDENT TIME AND AGAIN KEEPS INTERACTING WITH DIFFERENT
KEEPS INTERACTING WITH DIFFERENT OFFICIALS, ASSOCIATES, BRINGING
OFFICIALS, ASSOCIATES, BRINGING THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION BACK